hey guys welcome to another English
commentary dumped at dignity this is the
second set and the playoff match between
CJ entus NBC hero this time Quan roll
out for CJ entus and Pusan out for for
hero and surprise they put a Protoss
player on this map I really don't think
Busan has a chance there are two guests
there are a little bit a lot of minerals
out but but really - it's not very easy
you don't have a lot of BC build options
here because that secondary has a creep
there it's advantageous reserved and I
think the statistics irk your Protoss
Protoss end up losing 2 out of 3 times
and you have Quan roll Quan role playing
on this map and Quan was extremely
aggressive actually I was talking with
mole trap earlier and we're talking
about quano plays still use an arc on
these ERG are Connie's pure energy he's
gonna send that Scout up I would not be
surprised if we saw just a straight 9
pool out of Quan row or something along
those lines I don't know what Busan is
gonna do see if he decides to go for a
bee suit build it's really hard to hold
that choke because there's just creep
along that wall there and I really can't
even if you do manage to seal off your
choke there's not that secondary you can
really take so it's really hard on
Protoss players especially in certain my
opinion looks like he is gonna try to
seal that choke but again I'm not sure
maybe I'm just confusing the layout of
this map but yeah I don't think there's
a secondary you can take in there until
he kills the creep colonies and man
they're showing all these random
science-loving right and screaming every
time they show on a big crowd out there
and Pusan sending out a really early
scout I think he's expecting a 9 pool
too and he wants to double-check and
make sure that's not quite what Quan was
doing keep in mind NBC hero up 1-0 and
honestly I just do not see Pusan coming
out of this I mean I'm not saying he's a
bad player just this map is really
favored towards Quan Rose type play I
really think it was intelligent of CJ
entus putting Quan roll up on this map
really intelligent on their part he's a
really strong player on this exact sort
of map set and I really expect some sort
of link building out a scout of his own
I'm gonna send how to drone actually
it's really early drone from Quan ROM
you should dissing him send it out a
little later looks like he's gonna go
for quick to hatchery but I would expect
a spawning pool shortly and then
probably gas as well so probably gonna
blow up maybe he's gonna go for a proxy
hatchet don't know he's gonna send that
drone into the base and I that might end
up playing a factor later we'll see he's
gonna put down that spawning pool yeah
putting down the spiny pool gonna get
the gas shortly after
and I would assume just flood some some
units and it looks like Busan putting
down a gate and a cybernetics core
interesting play from him dragons aren't
something you typically go against Zerg
players obviously goods dragoons
especially when you expect your opponent
to go Ling's because when your opponent
goes Ling's dragoons not the best unit
against certain links unless you have
some fantastic and I mean uber leet
micromanagement and so Pusan again see
his front door code reckons I think what
he's trying to do is he's gonna try to
get that drone on the other side keep in
mind that could be an x-factor here if
you can get basically a dragoon on the
other side after that that works in he I
think what he's hoping is to block that
front door maybe with the prober zealot
and then just kind of pick off the
Ling's with your goons from the from the
back side and then try to tech up from
there I'm not sure if that's gonna work
because I think there's a lot of things
that Cointreau can do to take that down
a little bit of Rassman going here now
as you can see the desert that's being
produced and that drones still hanging
out in the back and maybe he's gonna try
to block the probes from coming up maybe
he'll put a hatchery down just to
distract and it looks like yeah Quan oh
he's on the move he's kind of motioning
towards that creep and it looks like
certain is produced at both areas Quan
are looking very confident here and
looks like a citadel for dune going for
Busan so Pusan thinking about going
high-level tech maybe Templar maybe yeah
probably gonna go Templar speed zealots
that first trick move being produced and
Quan ro looks like yeah he's gonna set
up and put down a creek Colony this is
brilliant from Quan Oh first of all
that's gonna distract that Dragoon so it
can't really defend the the front and
the second drone coming up for Quan oh
so it looks like what Quan was gonna do
is he's gonna use that creep to his
advantage a forge going down for Pusan
he realizes what's happening
if Quan roll can get a creek colony down
yeah if you can get a creek colony down
in front he's gonna be able to take out
that Senate cybernetics core or that
gateway and I open up the front door for
his links to pour in and that singles
alt magic moon or not gonna be able to
do anything about it he's forcing Pusan
to take the fight to him
I think this fight has already lost for
Pusan I'm not sure that this really
anything can do and yeah trying to get a
cannon but I don't think that cannon can
range that sudden colony first of all
even if it could I think that cannon can
easily basically you can put a couple
certainties in to take a couple shots
Pusan brings some draw a Wow brilliant
in Kuan we're gonna block that gap take
out that Dragoon and take out that
zealot while they're still on that side
another Celtic coming out I don't think
it's gonna be enough you can see it on
Pusan space putting down a second cannon
the second cannon isn't range and just
trying to defend desperately and
morphlings flooding in a
certainly trying to get that son calling
you down that something colony is up
gonna go after that cannon first and
after that it's gonna open up the front
Quan was taking this game in a brilliant
fashion Ling's pouring through actually
it looks like they they do range each
other cannon down Ling's yeah this is
game SGG Pusan that's it he's trying to
produce Dark Templar we'll see if we get
a dark templar out in time but that
pylon obviously he doesn't have a second
gateway down so he's got to let that
pylon go up we'll see if an overlords
pushing the meantime looks he looks like
he's a probe out in the field gate way
down so he's not gonna be able to
produce a dark templar either and that's
the that's went for CJ GJ called GG
called right there extremely creative
play from Quan ro and honestly I don't
know if there's anything Busan could do
in general their quick win under five
minutes I hope you guys enjoyed that one
exciting quick one thanks for listening